FILE: notes.txt
PURPOSE: Human planning/reference notes for tour script, teams, and prompts used by the scavenger hunt.

PRE-TOUR BANTER
Hi. I'm Kevin Kolb.
You get to kick back and relax now as I take you on a walking tour around the neighborhood. You're done thinking for the day.
Now, after many years of being a computer trainer, I know I'm in a bad spot. I'm the only thing standing between you and food and drink.
So — we don't have an open container law here. As long as you're not carrying glass, feel free to grab some snacks and drinks for our walk.
We're on the cusp of the French Quarter, but this neighborhood is still pretty interesting. At least, I think it's pretty interesting. Those of you from other countries might not be too impressed.
As Eddie Izzard says, "I grew up in Europe — that's where the history comes from." So Civil War-era stuff might not blow your minds.
We'll see.
Eddie Izzard is one of Kelley's favorites too. "Do you have a flag?"
Go ahead and get your phones out — I'll have you scan a QR code so I can send you some historical photos along the way.


Beignet
Abigail Beadle, Sanil Parambil, Rahim Bhimani, Chris Bingham
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/tend.snipped.national shumard

Lagniappe
Matt Toms, Deji Oduntan, Aneesh Chakko, Arlene Radley
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/ideas.shorter.restore poydras

Tchoupitoulas
Rory Sewell, Chuck Foster, Kamran Kamal, Sharon Maxfield
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/captures.sailor.clues gallier

Rougarou
Tim Sewell, Jeremy Sharp, Mo Zaman, Jason Atkins
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/bearings.student.seats ben franklin

Team	        	Calls out to		Gives	    Receives
Beignet	        	LAGNIAPPE	    	JAMBALAYA	gumbo
Lagniappe	    	BEIGNET	        	GUMBO	    jambalaya
Tchoupitoulas		ROUGAROU	    	ETOUFFEE	muffuletta
Rougarou	    	TCHOUPITOULAS		MUFFULETTA	etouffee

Team Stop Order (Latin square — no two teams at same stop at same time, no Sculpture→Ladies adjacency)
Tchoupitoulas		Ladies → Fed Reserve → Bush Tree → Sculpture
Beignet	        	Fed Reserve → Ladies → Sculpture → Bush Tree
Lagniappe	    	Bush Tree → Sculpture → Fed Reserve → Ladies
Rougarou	    	Sculpture → Bush Tree → Ladies → Fed Reserve

DEBRIEF WEDNESDAY

Prizes after pic confirmation

Too long? Too short?

How did you feel when you had to rely on, or wait for other teams, to continue?

Was there a moment where your team disagreed on an answer? How did you resolve it?

Who naturally stepped up as a leader on your team — and did that surprise you?

What's one thing another team did that impressed you?

When you were stuck, what did it take to get unstuck — and does that feel familiar at work?

Did you trust the process even when you didn't have all the information yet?

What would you do differently if you ran the hunt again with a new group?

Did you feel like you were speaking a foreign language, or like you had one hand tied behind your back?

How did you feel having the teams chosen beforehand for you?

How did you like screaming in public?

Did your team ever gel? Does everyone on your team feel that way?

Say keywords during intro that are throwbacks in the game.
